RFC: Reduce Build Complexity of .Net Runtimes (#219)
paketo-buildpacks/rfcs: text/dotnet-core/rfcs/0005-simplify-runtime-dependency.md

# Reduce Build Complexity of .Net Runtimes

## Proposal

Download the ASP.NET Core Runtime dependency provided by Microsoft instead of
combining the custom built dependencies that we are currently using.

## Motivation

Currently, in order to get the .Net buildpack to function correctly at

> launchusing our custom dependencies, we need to build a somewhat convoluted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
launch using our custom dependencies, we need to build a somewhat convoluted
```
